abdul azeem1  rama chandu email: rama.chandu57@gmail.com | mobile: +91-9866604788 professional summary   having 3 years of experience in software development on various web and mobile development technologies and processes.  worked in agile, waterfall and test-driven development models of software development.  worked and constantly yearning to learn across wide varied technologies in javascript. so far worked with team using jsmvc, angular 1 & 2, extjs, react, typescript and node.  worked on development of micro web services development using node and java (spring boot, dropwizard and osgi)  worked with databases (cassandra, mongo, mysql, oracle) and cloud data services (amazon s3 and rds)  technical skills languages java, javascript, c, python, kotlin native mobile os windows phone, android javascript frameworks angularjs, extjs, node, jsmvc java frameworks spring, spring boot, osgi, apache karaf, dropwizard, camel, jdbc, jsp testing frameworks js (karma, jasmine, mocha, chai), java (mockito, junit), android(roboelectric, espresso) databases mysql, mongo, cassandra   work experience & projects  software engineer, cengage learning - farmington hills, mi at cengage learning, i was part of the team that developed applications to enhance the learning systems across various colleges in usa. we developed learning suites that paced according to user learning capabilities, time constraints in interactive and game models.  feb 2014 - current  was part of team responsible for developing a meta search engine for instructors to find and add content to course through all the different content systems and third party systems.  was part of development of mindtap ui for history and chemistry courses. we were involved in creation of dynamic learning activities.   part of the new developmental mathematics software from cengage learning.   strong advocate of a test driven development and agile environment.  technologies used: javascript( node, angular, react, jsmvc), java (osgi, camel), test frameworks (casper, mocha, junit, jasmine)  mobile application developer, r&r solutions - gravette, ar r&r solutions is a logistics & delivery based company in arkansas, usa. my responsibility at r&r solutions was primarily regarding development of tools to aid the personnel involved in delivery of products across us. was also responsible to port their existing website into a mobile app using cordova suite. 2   jun 13 - jan 2014  was responsible for porting existing webapp for mobile while developing new productivity applications natively on android.  technologies used: cordova, extjs, sencha touch, android  research assistant, university of arkansas, fayetteville  jun 11 - mar 12  worked along with dr. susan gauch over ideas to augment local search. prototyped an idea of instrumented world broadcasting time sensitive data and enhancing local search.   technologies used: python, android   graduate assistant, university of arkansas, fayetteville  apr 12 - dec 12  developed an initial prototype of a genomic comparison tool. the tool allows researchers to visualize various interesting properties, similarities among the genomes  technologies used: parsing and analysis (java, mpi, python), webapp (php, html5, flot)  education b.tech (computer science engineering) - lakireddy balireddy college of engineering, mylavaram. m.s (computer sciences) - university of arkansas, usa  personal projects rama  just a simple application that can be used to send an emergency signal in time of distress.  similar to the distress signal provided in uber & ola nowadays but, developed back in early 2014.   play link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=garuda.rama  timetracker  play link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jaffa.timetracker  a simple android application to keep track of time spent over various tasks. it was developed to serve as tool for free lancers to track time being spent on various projects.   roadster  play link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.goskers.roadster  a networking app to improve communication using vehicle numbers. was created for community buying and selling of vehicles       