page1saad bin akhlaqsoftware engineer at sephora digital (formerly known as luxola.com)summaryi graduated as an electrical engineer and later moved on to taking up a job as a web developer because i started to like coding and there were a lot of amazing research and interesting projects going on in this field. i would like to take up more responsibilities and ownership of the work i do. i am highly devoted and hard working professional who is always curious in learning something new and loves finding out answers to tough questionsplivo 2013-present:i am working as a devops engineer here, i write python/shell scripts to automate the infrastructure. working on tools for monitoring the production system and writing monitoring checks. debugging the production code to catch bugs and slow queries. helping our customers regarding our api and in building their application.learning outcomes 2012-2013:i developed the application from ground up. the company collected data from schools about a student's performance, and this data had to be uploaded to our database and later the displayed to the users (student, teachers, parents with different hierarchies).experiencesoftware engineer  at   sephora digital (previously luxola.com)october 2014  -  present (1 year 9 months)working as a fullstack developer, building new products, features and fixing existing bugs.devops  at   plivo incjune 2013  -  august 2014  (1 year 3 months)i write apps to automates infrastructure within plivo. i take care of issues that arise with customers related to our product.lead developer  at   learning outcomesseptember 2012  -  may 2013  (9 months)working as a full stack web developer. handling the development of web application from ground up. stack i am using ubuntu, django, python, uwsgi, mysql, javascript.front-end development: twitter bootstrap.coursesm.tech, control systemspage2indian institute of technology (banaras hinduuniversity), varanasiartificial intelligence udacityweb developmentbuilding a search engineweb programming ................................................................................................................................................................. independent coursework machine learning computer fundamentalsprojectslearning outcomes web applicationjanuary 2013 to presentmembers:saad bin akhlaq, rishi kar, aditya kulkarnithis is a web portal for displaying students academic data. our organization collects academic data and my project deals in displaying that data to the end user. technologies used: django, python, mysql, jquery, d3js, fusion charts.learning outcomes web applicationseptember 2012 to may 2013members:saad bin akhlaqa web portal with user hierarchies like teacher, school, parent+student, where a teacher and school can monitor the progress of a single student as well as the class. a parent+student profile where a parent can see the progress of his child/children. also report card creating application based on the performance.test scoresgate (graduate aptitude test for engineers)july 2010   score:98.7this test is required for applying to graduate studies in engineering in india, and i scored 98.7 percentile among 60000 other students.grejuly 2011   score:1400toefl ibtseptember 2011   score:102page3languagesenglish (native or bilingual proficiency)hindi (native or bilingual proficiency)skills & expertisepythonjavascriptdjangohtmlgitprogrammingpostgresqlcssubuntulinux desktopsqllinuxmysqlelectrical engineeringweb applicationsflaskapacheruby on railsweb developmentdatabasesbootstrapcertificationsmainframe applications programmingmaples esm technologies      educationudacity2012 - 2020venture lab2012 - 2012indian institute of technology (banaras hindu university), varanasim.tech, control systems, 2010 - 2012university of punebachelor, engineering, 2005 - 2009activities and societies:  creative head of technical fest "zion 2009"st joseph's collegehigh school, science, 1998 - 2004page4abu dhabi indian schoolhigh school, science, 1994 - 1998interestspainting, reading blogs and articles on technology and historypage5saad bin akhlaqsoftware engineer at sephora digital (formerly known as luxola.com)contact saad on linkedin