resumekshitij awadhiyametallurgy, iit roorkee 2014@: kawadhiya21@gmail.com m: +91-9555265647skillspython, django, php, expressjs, javascript, jquery, angularjs, bootstrap, mysql, gitexperiencesenior software development engineer at stayzilla (feb 2015-):developed a chat module in node/socket. worked with amazon ses and sqs to make a queue based delivery system. worked on general site support issues. working with ios team to integrate chat module.technical lead at wealthpack (oct 2014-feb 2015):wealthpack is essentially a system which extracts transactional information from various source of a user and provides statistical analysis. # initiated the project after understanding the idea and analysing the technical difficulties. developed a road map and led the technical team. # i constructed the backend services using python-django-mysql-nginx stack, followed by integration of the templates using angularjs for the one-page webapp.senior web developer at bluegape (shutdown e-commerce) (june 2014 - sept 2014):# responsible for the complete development of designer's portal that enabled one to register and upload his designs, which were validated for quality after which they were wrapped around the product using image manipulation.# the backend was made using codeigniter php and mysql. frontend was created with bootstrap.co-founder at the blog bowl (oct 2013):# the blog bowl is blog directory where you can share and discover great content. it was basically aimed to inspire bloggers. # we formed a community and regularly conducted sponsored blogging contests and gave away prizes. we had a successful stint when we got a chance to co-host at cognizance, the iit roorkee tech fest.internship at sokratik(dec 2014):# sokratik was a video making webapp for kids. i developed their mobile app on phonegap, using expressjs and angularjs.internship at bluegape:# it involved creating a twitter like portal where you could follow your favorite characters and buy related merchandize.a further detailed description of my each work and a recommendation letter is present in my linkedin profile. github - https://github.com/kawadhiya21