ravi ranjan kumar m. tech - it (software engineering)  | +91-9535594442 |   raviranjan1078@gmail.com objective to work in learning and challenging environment by utilizing my skills and knowledge to the best of my abilities and contribute positively which provides me job satisfaction, self-development and help me achieve organizational goals. education m. tech - it (software engineering) | 2012 - 2014 | indian institite of information technology, allahabad (iiita) cgpa - 8.4/10  hybrid approach for data mining in diabetes diagnosis: with the help of data mining this research work will consider the impact of different attributes of the people like body mass index (bmi), glucose level, 2- hour serum insulin, age towards the likeness of the diabetes disease.  technologies : java, staruml b.tech - cse | 2008-2012 | bengal institute of technology and management cgpa - 7.6/10  online shopping cart: for enabling vendors to setup online shops and customer to browse through the shops.  technologies : j2ee, html, css, javascript, mysql, staruml professional experience software engineer | analyttica data lab | jul '14 - jun '15   course creator: developed user interface and backend for creating the courses, modules under the courses and simulations under the modules.   price and coupons: developed ui and backend for setting price and coupons for each simulations, modules and courses.  treasure hunt: developed a ui for the users where they can learn about analytics by solving the real world problems created by experts of analyttica data lab. developed ui and backend for collaboration where one user can collaborate with other users after inviting.   technology used: j2ee, hibernate, angularjs, html5, css, bootstrap, mysql   software engineer | wwstay.com | jun '15 - jun '16   service apartment: developed user interface for uploading the details about service apartment like number of room types, details about room types, amenities, images, locations details (manual and google map) etc.  hotel and apartment booking: developed mobile app (android and ios) for searching and booking the hotels. developed backend for booking the hotels from supplier side for supplier expedia, gta, tourico by calling their booking api.   live price: worked for storing the live price of hotels for frequently searched locations in redis.   technology used: angularjs, ionic, django, html5, css, bootstrap, redis, postgresql page 2 personal projects  play n learn (kids puzzle): developed this game in unity for kids. it will help kids in learning and memory develop exercise.   flappy bird: developed this game in libgdx. this game is a replication of original flappy bird game.  medical store software: developed this software using java and mysql. by using this software any one can manage their medical store shop. some key features of this project was- notification about medicines which is going to expire in next 6 months, notification about medicine about out of stock, generate report about medicine based on sells etc. technical proficiency programming language angularjs, ionic, html5, javascript, css, bootstrap, j2ee, java, c, c++ rdbms mysql, oracle 10g, postgresql programming environment/tools  eclipse, sublime, unity, code block, staruml version control system  git, bitbucket, git flow, svn achievements/extra-curricular activities  gate qualified two times: 2012 (98.6 %tile) 2013 (98.9 %tile).  completed certificate course j2ee designed and developed by globsyn, kolkata during jun '11 - jul '11.  participated in workshop on ethical hacking and information security at bcet, durgapur.  participated in workshop on tgmc training (a national level software development contest) sponsored by ibm academic initiative. 