luv_wadhwani_resumeluv l. wadhwani 4, devinarayan duplex, near indralok society, behind dhobi talav, warashiya,    email:  wadhwani.luv5@gmail.com vadodara-390006   contact: 9978254184 career objective to be associated with a reputed, well-established and progressive organisation with a highly motivating and challenging environment that can provide me with a dynamic work sphere to extract my inherent skills as a professional. educational qualification work experience qualification school/ board/ year of passing scorecollege universityb.e (it) svit, vasad gtu 2013 cgpa : 8.6h.s.c vkhs, vadodara gshseb 2009 72.46%s.s.c. vkhs, vadodara gshseb 2007 81.08%position company duration roles & responsibilitysoftware engineer innominds 2 month(present)* understanding the product need by interacting with product owner * implementing the business logic * maintaining coding standard defined by product team and by the organisational architects * using efficiently git workflows for day to day coding practices * writing business logic in javascript by using angular js framework * understanding basic salesforce terms and terminologies as the product works in salesforce environment accolades * selected as a first representative from investis (vadodara) to provide training to  fellow team members working in investis (united states of america) for a period of one month in usa. and now having a b1/b2 visa for us (10 years). * selected for international student exchange program to canada by gujarat technology university in 2011. volunteer work * had been treasurer in csi technical event of college in 2011 * had been vice-captain of a competitive team in investis company technical skills * elementary knowledge of programming languages: o  c o  c++ o  .net o  php o  java * content management system: o wordpress o sitecore * web development languages: o  angular js 2.o o  angular js 1.x o angular material design o  node js o  typescript o  html5  team lead investis 1.9 years* lead and line manage a team of up to 7 producers, and provide operational management of 1 sub editor and 1 pm * develop technical and soft skills within team * ensure team's 100% adherence to the quality process and the "right first time" ethos * monitor and manage performance of the team - utilization, on-time delivery, qualityteam member (web producer)investis 1.5 years* web designing: producing products that are user- friendly, effective and appealingo  css3 o  sass o  javascript o  jquery o  ajax o  xml o  xslt o  rest api o  mongodb o grunt/gulp o webpack * web development tools: o atom o sublime text o webstorm o git o visual studio code o dreamweaver o photoshop o adobe illustrator * software development tools: o eclipse o visual studio o netbeans * operating systems: o windows o macos o elementary knowledge of linux projects undertaken (during office in last 12 months) 1.  anglo american plc corporate/country websites     company description: anglo american plc is a multinational mining company based in   johannesburg, south africa and london, united kingdom.      timeline: over 8 months in terms of build    role: project lead    platform: sitecore cms    technology used: html5, css3, angular js, xslt, xml, jquery    2. estee lauder companies    company description: the estee lauder companies inc. is an american manufacturer   and marketer of prestige skincare, makeup, fragrance and hair care products.     timeline: over 10 months in terms of build    role: team lead  platform: sitecore cms    technology used: html5, css3, angular js, xslt, xml, jquery, masonry   3. british land  company description: the british land company plc is one of the largest property    development and investment companies in the united kingdom.     timeline: over 9 months in terms of build    role: team lead  platform: sitecore cms    technology used: html5, css3, angular js, xslt, xml, jquery 4. segro corporate      company description: segro plc is a property investment and development company. it   develops and invests in property located in the uk and continental europe focusing on edge of  town flexible business space.      timeline: over 8 months in terms of build    role: team lead    platform: sitecore cms    technology used: html5, css3, angular js, xslt, xml, jquery projects undertaken (during graduation) 1. tic tac toe game  * platform: java * description: it is an 'x n 0' game application. 2. smart attendance management system  * platform: .net * company: peach technovations, gandhinagar * description: smart attendance management system is a web application developed with enhanced attendance evaluation for daily attendance in college. it was a step towards futuristic e-school. 3. website: the bakers bar  * description: it is an e-commerce website for online selling of bakery products.  4. website: vadodara bazaar  * description: it is an e-commerce website for online selling of clothing.  5. website: prakash studio  * description: it is a website designed to provide innovative and creative solution to photography.  personal profile dob: 20th april, 1991 gender: male nationality: indian languages known: english, hindi, sindhi and gujarati hobbies: playing cricket, travelling, listening music